Reminding readers to use skipStagesAfterUnstable to gate deployment stages (#2154)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/doc/pipeline/tour/tests-and-artifacts.adoc

"UNSTABLE", denoted by yellow in the web UI. That is distinct from the "FAILED"
state, denoted by red.

> (Beware that Pipeline execution will by default proceed even when the build is unstable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: Pipeline execution will by default proceed even when the build is unstable.
```

To skip deployment after test failures in Declarative syntax,
use the `skipStagesAfterUnstable` option.

> In Scripted syntax, you may check `currentBuild.currentResult == 'SUCCESS'`.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Scripted syntax, you may check `currentBuild.currentResult == 'SUCCESS'`.
```
